one last piece
save it for last because frankly it is
pretty much the coolest thing I've seen
in a long time and that is our new
machete called the parang and this piece
was actually inspired by a gift that
bear received from some tribesmen on one
of his very his you know its various
quests and obviously they took a shine
to him so when he was leaving after the
trip they gave him a parang machete that
had this exact same blade shape a little
more rudimentary you know steel but had
a wooden handle and it was bears the
favorite thing he's ever received as a
gift so Gerber took it and gave it a
little more beefier steel but kept the
same blade angle shape and then added a
nice you know tacky handle to it and
importantly a lanyard for safety so you
can kind of loop think through and I
just because if you're hacking through
the brush or doing whatever clearing you
know it's it's it's a heavy tool you
want to make sure it stays on so it's
about a forty dollar price point on this
Gerber sells a ton of machetes are gator
machete one of our best-selling items
ever at just a lot of fun so and and it
in a very high utilitarian piece of
equipment yeah we're done in Arizona and
we're always hacking cactus and things
just yard where kind of things where
forty dollars you're getting super
quality that that's awesome absolutely
it's a fun piece and you know it's you
can hack cut you can actually this is
strong enough to bludgeon you know you
cannot hit it this way so again beefy
piece beefy tool and the story behind
the back story is pretty neat there's
ten pieces in all in Kerberos bear
grylls survival series
majority of which hit februari 2011 but
the ultimate knife look for it in stores
in October the dis yo Spence yep awesome
perfect perfect time Christmas gift
you